What's the probability that xAI gets sued because its black forest lab image feature allows it to output images of copyrighted brands and of politicians?

What's the probability that, by 2100, it is widely recognized that the Earth is flat?

What's the probability that, by 2030, a human will use an AI to launch a successful cyberattack on critical infrastructure?

What's the probability that, by 2030, a human will use an AI to successfully release a bioweapon?

What’s the probability that an AI will result in a critical harm by 2030? A “critical harm” is defined to mean any of the following:\na) The creation or use of a chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear weapon in a manner that results in mass casualties. b) Mass casualties or at least $500 million of damage resulting from cyberattacks on critical infrastructure, occurring either in a single incident or over multiple related incidents. c) Mass casualties, or at least $500 million of damage resulting from an artificial intelligence model autonomously engaging in conduct that would constitute a serious or violent felony under the Penal Code if were undertaken by a human with the requisite mental state. d) Other grave harms to public safety and security that are of comparable severity to the listed harms.

Will Trump win the 2024 US presidential election?

What’s the probability that COVID-19 was a lab leak?

What’s the probability Imane Khelif has XY chromosomes?

What's the probability that it is publicly recognized by 2100 that 9/11 was an inside job?

What’s the probability humanity goes extinct by 2040 conditioned on superintelligence emerging in 2027?

What's the probability that Trump's assassination attempt was caused by the government?

What’s the probability that Iran will directly attack Israel in retaliation for the assassination of Ismail Haniyeh during 2024?

What’s the probability that the NBER Business Cycle Dating Committee will announce that the US has entered a recession by the end of 2024.

What's the probability that it is publicly recognized by 2100 that the CIA or FBI was mainly responsible for JFK’s assassination?

What's the probability that it is publicly recognized by 2100 that the CIA was mainly responsible for JFK’s assassination?

What’s the probability that at the end of 2025 xAI will have the most intelligent AI system?

What’s the probability that an AI will get a gold medal at the IMO in 2025?

What’s the probability that an AI will get a score on the 2025 IMO worthy of a gold medal at the IMO in 2025?

What’s the probability that a large language model will beat a super grandmaster playing chess by 2028? A qualifying match must involve the AI system only using chain-of-thought (no external tools) to make its move, and it’s fine if the GM is playing blindfolded.

What is the probability that Donald Trump will serve any time in jail, prison, or house arrest before 2030?

What’s the probability Russia nukes Ukraine in 2024?

What’s the probability that Donald Trump had sex with someone other than Melania in 2024?

What’s the probability Jaden Smith cheated on Sab Zada?

What is the probability that Donald Trump will lead to a higher total national amount of WELLBYs (similar to QALYs) than Kamala if elected president in 2024?